README.md, before:

# How to deliver aid with narratives that empower: Experimental evidence and local forecasts from Kenya
_Catherine Thomas, Nicholas Otis, Justin Abraham, Hazel Markus, and Gregory Walton_

This is a public repository containing replication files for "How to deliver aid with narratives that empower: Experimental evidence and local forecasts from Kenya". Experimental data was collected using questionnaires programmed in Qualtrics. Results published in the manuscript and appendix were analyzed using R. Tables and figures can be replicated by running the appropriate R scripts on the provided data.

### Directory

+ `data/`: Folder containing individual data.
+ `doc/`: Folder containing tables published in the manuscript and appendix.
+ `graphics/`: Folder containing figures published in the manuscript and appendix.
+ `r/:` Folder containing source code for analyzing data and producing tables and figures.

### Data

+ `K1_Field_Survey.csv` contains de-identified individual data for the Kenyan experiment (Study 2).
+ `K1_Clean_Data.csv` contains all of the variables used for empirical analysis for Study 2.
+ `U1_MTurk_Eligible.csv` contains de-identified individual data for the US donor experiment (Study 3). This only includes subjects after screening for elgibility.
+ `U1_Clean_Data.csv` contains all of the variables used for empirical analysis for Study 3.

### Source Code

+ `K1_analysis.r` is the source code for Study 2 that takes the raw Kenyan data and outputs clean data, tables of results, and figures.
+ `U1_analysis.r`is the source code for Study 3 that takes the raw US data and outputs clean data, tables of results, and figures.

Commit message:

Initialize with Rproj file instead of setting wd. Load packages with pacman.

README.md, after:

# How to deliver aid with narratives that empower: Experimental evidence and local forecasts from Kenya
_Catherine Thomas, Nicholas Otis, Justin Abraham, Hazel Markus, and Gregory Walton_

This is a public repository containing replication files for "How to deliver aid with narratives that empower: Experimental evidence and local forecasts from Kenya". Experimental data was collected using questionnaires programmed in Qualtrics. Results published in the manuscript and appendix were analyzed using R. To replicate data analysis, first open `START.Rproj` in the root directory and run `K1_analysis.r` for the Kenya experiment and `U1_analysis.r` for the US experiment.

### Directories

+ `data/`: Folder containing individual data.
+ `doc/`: Folder containing tables published in the manuscript and appendix.
+ `graphics/`: Folder containing figures published in the manuscript and appendix.
+ `r/:` Folder containing source code for analyzing data and producing tables and figures.

### Data

+ `K1_Field_Survey.csv` contains de-identified individual data for the Kenyan experiment (Study 2).
+ `K1_Clean_Data.csv` contains all of the variables used for empirical analysis for Study 2.
+ `U1_MTurk_Eligible.csv` contains de-identified individual data for the US donor experiment (Study 3). This only includes subjects after screening for elgibility.
+ `U1_Clean_Data.csv` contains all of the variables used for empirical analysis for Study 3.

### Source Code

+ `K1_analysis.r` is the source code for Study 2 that takes the raw Kenyan data and outputs clean data, tables of results, and figures.
+ `U1_analysis.r`is the source code for Study 3 that takes the raw US data and outputs clean data, tables of results, and figures.
